if I have to separate the two of you
again no more hair pulling do you hear
me dammit normal one we're back with our
special guest co-host Michelle Obama
this newer husband gave one of the
greatest Father's Day speeches ever and
it was people say was directed toward
black dads I think it was directed
towards fathers who don't take
responsibility saying more than half of
all black children live in single-parent
households too many fathers are am ia
and acting like boys instead of men you
aside what you think yeah I think this
is part of what where we need we needed
to talk about what government needs to
do and the changes that we need to make
in our policies but we also need to talk
about accountability and not just among
fathers but you know how we raise our
kids what we do in terms of ensuring
that parents are doing what they need to
do for education it's it just expands
the the globe of what we need to do and
Barack has always been that kind of
politician if you know I don't even see
him as a politician but he's been
somebody that's wanted to talk about
both sides of that coin right and
fatherhood is a part of that it wasn't
the first time he had given that speech
you know he has talked about that as a
u.s. senator in the state of Illinois
always pushing is particularly young
black men you know just as connected to
unemployment a lot of it well it's
connected to unemployment but it's
connected to Brock's own experience he's
been he's speaking from and the thing
that touches me about that speech is
when he says you know the greatest gift
that he can give is to not be who his
father was to his kids and that you know
that just breaks my I grew up with a dad
and we were blessed to have a working
father in the house and a mom who was
right there and it means a great deal
and we can't take that for granted and
families can look like a whole bunch of
things but kids need those models in
their lives and I think we just have to
be honest about the fact that they you
know that that when that's ms
it's not good for the kid speaking of
baraka you know wanting to be what his
father was not I also read that he comes
in for their recitals oh yes does he do
that oh we just had a recital this is I
know mom's into the school year i think
i've been i've been the potlucks
recitals you'll be there you're still
not there yet you have plenty of time
which is god don't look at that site no
but that's before that's what you have
to do before they get in soon because
we're traveling to vegas next week I
feel a guilty angie awful leaving the
kid ever left Taylor so I know you must
have to deal with leaving the girls
obviously being on the road so I made a
dinner scheduled for Taylor with all his
food to just make myself feel like I'm
doing looking at make it was crazy no
you have to leave it full well I left it
because tim is taking care of Jim and
his mom is coming in and neither of them
need that you have wishes know that
she's gonna win as soon as you leave she
don't take it and throw right behind us
Betsy do you solve it an
obsessive-compulsive disorder I wish I
did actually I think I tried to make
myself feel like okay because I did this
I man okay mom that's good joke good
question about this is this because
Taylor shares some of the same food
allergies that you have is that why it's
so extensive like that yeah he's on the
food introduction so you have to go for
days with every new food introduction I
yeah with you with time you you have to
give them prayers one day an apple no
three day you know don't get on like
jars honest
your daughter's Michelle I have nothing
like this I just hidden ravioli away
are you talking about absentee when your
husband first said I want to be
President did you want him to be
President no no I was like please don't
do this yeah I didn't want Brock to go
into politics because I thought politics
was a mean business and you know I knew
this man that I loved it was sweet and
pathetic i thought you know for this
race it went and always for others it's
me taking that selfish hat off and it's
a you know reasonable selfishness
because i think of the sacrifice that i
have to make that our girls have to make
and once I step outside of that and I
stop thinking like Michelle Brock's wife
and I start thinking like a mom and a
citizen I start thinking about the kind
of leader that I would want they change
their game to now I mean because you're
out there and they're they're looking at
the relationships that you have had
identical I didn't even really think
about that to that extent because that
really wasn't the case in local politics
I mean they really didn't scrutinize
families as much as they're doing in
this race so I did you look at every
Tammy I don't think going forward will
you think about okay who are we gonna we
got dinner with who's gonna be sitting
like this it's got a factor damages what
does Barack take out the garbage still
or no
can he come on the show again I'd like
to have back here lutely before we
before we're at before leer at number
one congratulations to the shelters yeah
number two I'm fastest so okay groovy
number two if you are I'm sure if you're
watching television in the next few days
you'll see all of the devastating floods
that are happening and you'll be trying
to figure out what you can do perhaps
you can go through your closets see what
you have that you're not using whether
it's kid clothes or iPods or hair drives
whatever you have and start to make a
pile that you can take over because I
said I suspect that the Red Cross with a
little bit of money they have left
coaster running very low are not gonna
have the resources that they need so
that's something that we can all do and
maybe even start a drive at your church
or at your school or whatever to help
these folks and you have been laughing I
was on the board of the mid-america chap
chapter for a few years so well yeah and
they need help and also get miss Joyce
on larry king this evening we'll be
right back with messy way